unarmed and on the ground AMU Haj took
more hits than he could count some were
from the rifle butt of an Israeli
soldier I said to them my eyes are
hurting they're bleeding on my face he
prerr them without care that I'm in
pain blindfolded and handcuffed he was
then let go without any explanation and
with many wounds some of which might
never
heal a lot of they beat me before I
could know who it was it was all so
shocking they humiliated me and put the
rifle on my shoulder to shoot at other
Palestinian men I heard the bullet going
near my
ear unlike Amir the beating of Marcel AB
wasn't caught on
camera this video shows Medical Teams
trying to help him after he was
assaulted during an Israeli raid of his
refugee camp in the occupied West Bank
he says the Israeli soldiers went from
door to door arresting an assault in
dozens of
Palestinians an officer shouted we found
him they started beating me up on my
head they hit my shoulders with a
crowbar and hit my elbow with a
hammer but Marcel was not wanted by the
Israeli forces and there was no reason
to detain him they're driven by their
hatred towards us they just want to hurt
us especially young men if I dared utter
a word or say I'm in pain they'd Beat Me
Harder humiliate me they kept cursing me
Ahmed Abu Bakr says this type of
physical and mental abuse has become the
norm he says he's been assaulted not
once or twice but four times the most
recent was while he was working in a
coffee
shop the soldier tried to hit my head
against this wall but I used my hand to
Shield my head he took my glasses away
and continued hitting my head against
the wall it wasn't just him
Ahmed says the Israeli forces attacked
everyone else in the coffee shop that
night before they did he says they
pulled the plug on the surveillance
camera ahmed's family told us they're
deeply worried not only because he's
often beaten but also because he could
face further punishment for speaking on
camera with tears stress and pain
Palestinian Parents try to protect their
children the best they can but living
under decades long milary occupation
they know there is little they can do to
keep them safe n ibraim Al jaaz the
occupied West
rank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer